[Music]
hello guys hey from Cuba look there's
some fancy old cars so I actually had a
normal video going up today
happy Friday happy weekend I hope you
have the best weekend ever
but the Internet is way too slow to get
it up in time so I have been hardcore
struggling because the internet
situation it just isn't fast and you
have to go to basically like public park
or maybe a hotel I am staying here with
a group of like eight awesome
photographers and so they're people and
we're at a house but Wi-Fi are like just
not at home this is crazy
but I'm having a friggin blast thank you
I cannot wait to share some stuff yours
here's a little a little sneak peek I am
like the only youtuber here so everyone
is like photographers like Instagram
photographers
I love instagrams but I guess it's not
my main thing so we're really cool to
see how people capture it or photography
and hopefully I can show a cool cool
side of it via video so obviously I am
so stoked to share all the things with
you I think I'm going to post some stuff
to Instagram thing and follow me on
there but what is a hive
I'll pay you how are you guys doing did
you enjoy the San Francisco vlogs
apologies there wasn't a video on Monday
I just couldn't I couldn't get it up
with the Wi-Fi it's crazy that yeah that
is you're so used to how it is in
America and you come somewhere else it's
just kind of a kind of a shock but I am
insanely enjoying myself just talk about
that I did a collab with I just seen if
you have not watched that yet I will
link it but I talked about iPhones at
her channel Apple watch on my channel
Loki was like standing out if
can I just see so hello if you came over
from her channel welcome to the PG fam
I'm so glad to have you I wish you the
best weekend ever and I will see you on
Monday at 8 p.m. Eastern Standard Time
okay
stay peachy bite
you